Uhh!
The power of chaos is running
wild inside me!
Uhh!
It is trying to destroy me.
Aah!
But I'll survive.
I have to.
To defeat Astral,
I'll endure anything.
I have to make this power mine!
I've done it.
Astral doesn't stand a chance.
I'm more powerful than Astral
ever imagined.
In fact, I'm more powerful
than I ever imagined!
The numbers that were
at the seven ruins,
and the legends
we discovered there,
tell of the times when the seven
Barian emperors
were still human.
In the final tale,
it was revealed to me
that both Shark and Rio played
a vital and important role.
I have no doubt in my mind
they'll...
I sense horror and despair.
It is coming from Astral World.
Oh, no!
What's going on?
The sky is falling!
Who could be doing this?
Vector, number 96
is out of control.
What do you mean?
He is attacking Astral World
with such fury
that the dimensional shockwaves
are devastating
this world, too.
Vector, seek him out.
My power. Let's see...
Uhh!
I shall destroy everything...
everywhere!
(sinister laugh)
♪ ♪
♪ Still together as one ♪
♪ 'Cause divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go,
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time,
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today ♪
♪ You just wipe it away ♪
♪ And all of my fears
are gone, erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls ♪
♪ 'Til the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our
souls can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regret it never ♪
♪ Our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep ♪
♪ Beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪ ♪
♪ ♪
Yuma. Yuma!
Huh? Yeah?
Whoa!
Astral World is under attack
by a powerful
yet unknown force.
Oh, no! What can we do
to stop it?
The answer eludes me.
But the first step to solving
the problem
is finding the cause.
(explosion)
(man on TV)
Dormant volcanoes are
now erupting,
and frigid weather
is wreaking havoc
in tropical regions
across the map,
as the sudden wave of global
disaster continues.
Unusually high tides...
Eruptions?
Ice in the tropics?
There's got to be
some explanation.
It's like the biggest
disaster ever.
What's like the biggest
disaster ever?
The whole world's
in total crisis mode,
and you're clueless as usual.
I have to do some reporting.
(man on TV)
Evacuations ordered by local,
national, and international...
Astral.
Destructive events are
occurring in this world
and in Astral World.
This is not coincidence.
It must be number 96.
Astral must already
feel my power.
He must be quaking in its wake.
And soon, with all the power
I now wield,
I will absorb Astral
once and for all,
to erase him from existence.
Rio, I'm so confused.
Are we human?
Are we Barians?
Who are we?
Darkness.
Uh, Rio?
Darkness is coming.
Yuma. Darkness.
All around.
What do you mean by darkness?
The darkness is here.
Yuma.
I can't believe Rio's
still unconscious.
It's just horrible.
I know.
It's the worst.
The last time she was
in the hospital,
she didn't wake up for,
like, forever.
I hope it's not as bad
as last time.
I mean, we feel horrible.
Imagine how Shark must feel.
I'm really worried about
how he's handling this.
You are?
Yeah.
He's been acting really strange
ever since he dueled
against Abyss.
Yuma.
Huh?
I suspect Shark will
at some point
explain to you what
is troubling him.
Yeah? What makes you
say that?
If he has not
spoken to you yet,
it would not be wise for me
to speak on his behalf.
I don't understand it.
Shark's hiding something
from me?
I wish he knew
he could tell me anything.
Perhaps he would keep
certain knowledge from you
if he thought that knowledge
would scare you away.
That must be it!
He's scared that I'll
turn my back on him!
Of course.
Huh?
(Yuma) It's Shark.
Yuma!
Hey, Shark.
Are you all right?
Sure. Why wouldn't I be?
Huh?
Uhh!
Tori, what's wrong?
(gasps)
Yuma, look up.
Huh?
(Yuma)
Whoa! What's that?
It is him.
(sinister laugh)
The power number 96 possesses
is unlike anything we have
ever faced before.
(sinister laugh)
Master Kite,
there is a massive
gravitational shift
at point B-332.
Great.
(sinister laugh)
Master Kite,
my stabilizers are
de-de-destabilizing.
Uhh!
(sinister laugh)
Huh? Huh?
Where are we?
Yuma!
You okay?
Kite! How'd you get here?
Beats me.
And where is here?
(sinister laugh)
Well, look who it is.
Yuma and Astral.
Number 96!
(sinister laugh)
I see you've brought some
friends along for the fun.
Though I didn't invite you,
you're welcome to stay.
I'll take your numbers
and dispose of you.
But you'll have to
wait your turn.
My deductions were correct.
You are the one causing
havoc in both our worlds.
Yes, I am.
Look.
And I'm not just destroying
your world.
My unrelenting power
is devastating
Barian world as well.
You are trying to destroy
all our worlds?
That's right.
When I'm through,
there'll be nothing left.
Why would you do that?
Because I can.
Too bad you won't be around
to see the end of everything.
Ugh. This guy
means business.
(chuckles)
Shall we get started?
I've been looking forward
to our rematch.
Now say good-bye
to your friends.
Aagghh!
Oh, no.
(Kite)
That's a Barian sphere field.
The danger of this duel
has increased exponentially.
That's correct.
Aren't you a clever one.
I can do anything in here.
Here's a taste.
Aah! Aah!
Yuma! Astral!
I am invincible here.
Unstoppable.
You have no hope.
All that's left for you
is despair.
(thinking)
This field could hold
the ultimate defeat...
for me and for Yuma.
We must not lose.
Shall we high-five the sky?
Yeah!
Get ready!
Uhh! Uhh!
Let's do this!
Uhh!
Duel disc... go!
Duel gazer, let's roll!
(computer)
Augmented reality vision
link established.
Duel!
Good luck, you two,
and trust me when I say
you're definitely
going to need it.
It's my move.
I draw!
I summon Malicevorous Spoon!
Now I'll send
Malicevorous Knife
from my hand to the graveyard
to summon Malicevorous Fork!
And with that, the table has
been set for my next move.
I activate Malicevorous Spoon's
special ability.
Now I can really
sharpen my game,
because I can summon
Malicevorous Knife
from the graveyard!
He did the same thing
when we dueled him
at the underground temple.
I open my level to Malicevorous
Spoon, Knife, and Fork.
With these three monsters,
I build the overlay network
and exceed summon
Number 96, Dark Mist.
And now you will feel
my almighty power.
I activate the spell.
Rank-Up-Magic Barian's force.
Ready yourselves, for this
will be your final battle.
I overlay two Dark Mists.
With this one monster,
I rebuild the overlay network.
Go, Chaos Xyz Evolution!
Appear, Chaos number 96,
Dark Storm!
As you can see, your future's
looking stormy,
and the forecast will
only get worse.
Now, the question is
how much worse?
Summoning a Chaos Xyz monster
that quickly
must be key to his strategy.
Think before you duel, Yuma.
I sure will.
My turn!
I draw!
Here goes.
I summon Gogogo Golam.
Yuma, summon your
Doggy Diver next.
That's what I was thinking.
Okay, I summon Doggy Diver
in attack mode.
With that pooch out there,
they can really sick it to him.
Now I overlay level four
Gogogo Golam and Doggy Diver.
With these new monsters,
I build the overlay network.
I exceed summon number 39,
Utopia!
Okay.
Aah!
Yuma?
Uhh! Don't worry,
I'm good.
(thinking)
And it's I get even better.
You racked up your monster.
Well, guess what? So can I.
I activate Rank-Up-Magic
Numeron Force,
so I can Rank-Up-Utopia into
a Chaos Xyz monster.
I rebuild the overlay network
with Utopia!
Go, Chaos Xyz Evolution!
Come on out, Chaos number 39,
Utopia Ray Victory!
Number 96 seems quite
unconcerned.
Yeah, well, he will be
when Numeron Force's other
effect activates.
All other face-up cards
on the field
lose their effects this turn.
Too bad, but Dark Storm
can't use
any of its special
abilities now.
(sinister laugh)
Hey, what's so funny?
How perfectly you've
fallen into my trap,
just as I knew you would.
Yeah? What trap?
It's a little something I call
Chaos Bringer.
When you summon
a Chaos monster,
all its overlay units get sent
straight to the graveyard.
Oh. What am I going
to do without them?
Then I get to choose one field
spell from my deck
and add it directly to my hand.
I select Chaos Field.
What is he playing?
Ugghh.
And last but not least,
Chaos Bringer won't let your
Utopia Ray Victory
attack me this turn.
Great!
Yuma, remain calm and focus.
All right. I place one card
facedown and end my turn.
Then it's my move, Yuma.
I know this duel is already
tough for you,
but I'm going to make it
even tougher.
How can this become
more challenging?
I activate the Field Spell
Chaos Field.
Aah!
By sending the Chaos overlay
unit to the graveyard,
one random number card
in your deck
not only loses its
special abilities,
but it is summoned
onto my field.
(sinister laugh)
Leave my numbers alone!
Aah!
No, Yuma, I don't think
that I will.
Uhh!
The end is near, Yuma.
I send Dark Storm's chaos
overlay unit to the graveyard
to take your number.
(sinister laugh)
Uhh!
Check it out, Yuma.
Ha!
It's number 69,
Heraldry Crest.
That was Vetrix's
most powerful monster.
Number 96 is going to take
all of Yuma's numbers
one by one.
No, he can't!
The fun's just starting.
I activate Chaos Field's
additional effect.
Say what?
I evolved the number
I took from you
into a Chaos number
that's one rank higher.
Astral!
Prepare yourself.
(Astral)
The nature of this duel
is about to become
much more extreme.
I rebuild the overlay network
with Heraldry Crest!
Go! Chaos Xyz Evolution!
I summon Chaos number 69,
Heraldry Crest of Horror.
Astral, we're in trouble,
big time!
Oh!
Astral, we're in trouble,
big time!
You have no idea
how right you are.
I activate Crest of Horror
special ability!
By using one
Chaos overlay unit,
Heraldry Crest of Horror
gains Utopia Ray Victory's
attack points
and special abilities.
Astral, if I take
this attack, I lose.
No, Yuma, we lose.
Uhh! Uhh!
Boys, it's all over for you!
Heraldry Crest of Horrors,
attack Utopia Ray Victory.
You need to activate a trap.
Right.
I activate number Spellcaster.
By attributing the number
of my field,
I can pick a spell that's
in my deck and activate it.
Yuma, you know
what you must do.
I'm on it.
I tribute Utopia Ray Victory.
Then let's reactivate the spell
Swords of Burning Light.
When I don't have any
monsters on my field,
your monsters can't attack.
(chuckles)
I have to give you credit
for that move,
though it won't help you
escape your fate.
I wonder what you can do next.
That was a smart play.
Yeah, but I don't see how
they can get out of this one.
Get ready.
Aah!
I draw!
(thinking) Perfect.
You must be cautious
and assess the situation.
You're right.
I face a card facedown
and end my turn.
What's the point?
There's no way you can stop me.
Time to show you why!
I activate Chaos Field's
effect.
I send Dark Storm's Chaos
overlay unit to the graveyard
so that I can steal another
one of your numbers.
I wonder which one
it will be this time.
Are you ready for the big
reveal, Yuma?
Well, here it is in
all its glory.
Come on out, number 92,
Heart-Earth Dragon!
(sinister laugh)
You two know what happens now,
don't you?
Chaos field evolves number 92
into a Chaos number.
I rebuild the overlay network
with Heart-Earth Dragon!
Go, Chaos Xyz Evolution!
I summon Chaos number 92,
Heart-Earth Chaos Dragon!
Oh, man, this just went
from worse to worser.
So true.
I activate Heart-Earth Chaos
Dragon's special ability.
By using one Chaos
overlay unit,
all your monsters, traps,
and spell effects
are rendered useless until
the end of the turn.
Oh, and don't think your
facedown cards will save you,
because you're not allowed
to activate them either.
And that means you have
no defenses left.
Astral, Yuma, this is the end!
(sinister laugh)
♪ ♪